Update helm.md (#1235)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/server/helm.md

```sh
helm install pmm \
--set secret.create=false --set secret.name=pmm-secret \
--set-string pmmEnv.DISABLE_UPDATES="1" \
--set service.type="NodePort" \
--set storage.storageClassName="linode-block-storage-retain" \
    percona/pmm
```

> The above command installs PMM, while setting the Service network type to `NodePort` and storage class to `linode-block-storage-retain` for persistence storage on LKE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command above installs PMM, configuring the service network type as `NodePort` and setting the storage class to `linode-block-storage-retain` for persistent storage on LKE.```
